🇯🇵 Comment TOKYO and I’ll send you a free Tokyo Travel Guide + 5 day itinerary including how to get there, where to stay, what to do and how to buy tickets.

Get 10% off Japan train tickets and activities on Klook by using code MINYWANDER (10% for new users and over $50 spend, 3% for existing users).

🇯🇵 10 things to do in Tokyo ⬇️

There’s no city quite like Tokyo. From towering skyscrapers to bustling markets, serene temples to glitzy neon signs, there is something for everyone.

🌤️ Shibuya Sky - observation deck located by Shibuya Scramble Crossing. 
💫 TeamLab Planets or Borderless - interactive digital art museums with galleries of immersive installations.
🚶‍♀️ Shibuya Scramble Crossing - fun place to people-watch as it is the largest pedestrian crossing. Located in front of Shibuya Station - estimated 1000-2500 people crossing at once.
🗼 Tokyo Tower - symbol of Japan’s economic growth. Used to be the tallest building in Tokyo until Tokyo Skytree was built in 2012.
🐟 Tsukiji Outer Market - market containing seafood, vegetables, traditional food materials. It is touristy and expensive, but worth checking out at least once.
🗻 Mt. Fuji Day Trip - take the train to Lake Kawaguchiko for sights of Mt. Fuji. Take caution as Mt. Fuji is only visible on clear days!
🏮 Senso-ji Temple - in the historic Asakusa district, this is Tokyo’s oldest temple. 
⛩️ Meiji Jingu Shrine - this shrine is a peaceful retreat in a forested area with colorful display of kazaridaru or sake barrels. 
🛍️ Harajuku - trendy district with Takeshita Street at its heart, lined with vibrant fashion stores, colorful boutiques, quirky shops, and cafes (and crepe stores). 
🍣 Sushi Omakase - chef curated course meal made fresh in front of you, where every bite is a masterpiece. 

📌 Save this post for your Tokyo trip!
👉🏻 Follow @minywander for more travel inspo and tips!

#tokyo #tokyojapan #japan #explorejapan #visittokyo #visitjapan

Tokyo things to do | Best activities in Tokyo | must see in Tokyo | what to do in tokyo | tokyo top sights | tokyo bucketlist
